Course Policies
Screenshot 2025-08-06 at 10.23.04 AM.png

Syllabus 

Be sure to carefully read the course syllabus as all course policies, rules on academic conduct, grading scheme, late policies, etc., are listed in the syllabus. You are expected to be familiar with the contents of the syllabus; reading it a few times during the term is advisable. 

Plagiarism, Copying, Citations 

All work must be the student's own work in any graded submission. Copying from a third-party source, including LLMs and AI (e.g., ChatGPT, Bard) without putting the copied passages into quotation marks and then citing the source using proper citation schemes (e.g., APA or MLA) is an academic integrity violation and results in a grade of 0 for the submitted item, a and a potential reduction of the final course grade. 
However, copying directly and simply citing does not earn a high grade and, in fact, is generally marked as 0. Copying and not citing is marked with 0 and reported to OSCCR. We do strongly encourage you to do research and to use external sources, but you must absorb them and then state the idea in your own words. You may copy small sections or key phrases but those most be in quotes and properly cited.  
This means that you cannot copy directly (i.e., no copy/paste) from website, stack overflow, Wikipedia, among others and place the copied text into any other submission that carries a grade or determines whether you pass the course or not. Even if you referenced the source (by including the URL in your submission) but did not place the copied passages into quotes and added a citation, that also is not acceptable as it makes it appear that the words and ideas are your own. Of course, if did quote but if substantial part of the submission is in quotes, then that is not an academic integrity violation, but it is "lazy" and does not deserve a high mark -- after all you didn't do any work other than a Google search followed by copy/paste. 
We check all submissions against Turnitin to compare your work against millions of pages on the web and if we find that you substantially copied or that your submission is substantially similar to someone else's then, of course, you will not get a high mark -- and it is an academic integrity violation. This generally means a 0 for the assignment, a potential reduction in the final course grade and the Dean of Graduate Studies (as required by Khoury Academic Policy). 
Knowing how to properly cite and use "prior art" is a critical skill. If you copy in an academic setting it means revocation of credentials or credit. If you copy at work, then the other person can levy a claim against you and your employer: for copyright infringement, patent infringement, or license violation. At the very least it'll be embarrassing, but most likely you will be fired. If your employer and/or you get sued by the aggrieved party, then it can be far worse and quite expensive. 
So, don't copy -- and if you do, cite -- and if you do in a commercial (work) setting, be sure to understand the license of what you copied. Just because it is published in the web, doesn't mean you can use it for commercial purposes. For example, if there's software, data, code, information, writing, materials, or an image you like, it may be copyrighted or licensed in a way that prohibits any use for commercial gain, although you might be able to use it for personal, academic, and non-commercial use. Commercial means that you or someone else (like your employer) are selling it or otherwise make or enhance their profits. Non-commercial means that no one realizes any money gain or profit in any way. 
Academic Integrity Policy  

The University views academic dishonesty as one of the most serious offenses that a student can commit while in college or graduate school and imposes appropriate punitive sanctions on violators. Here are some examples of academic dishonesty. While this is not an all-inclusive list, we hope this will help you to understand some of the things instructors look for.   

Any incident of academic misconduct will result in a 0 for the graded item, a report to OSCCR, and potentially a two-letter reduction in the final course grade or a final grade of F if it is on the final exam, a practicum, if is egregious.  

The following is excerpted from the University’s policy on academic integrity; the complete policy is available in the Student Handbook. 

Cheating – intentionally using or attempting to use unauthorized materials, information or study aids in an academic exercise, or paying a third party, person, or firm to produce or edit work for the student 
Fabrication – intentional and unauthorized falsification, misrepresentation, or invention of any data, or citation in an academic exercise 
Plagiarism – intentionally representing the words, ideas, or data of another as one’s own in any academic exercise without quotation and without providing proper citation; that includes the use of online posts, blogs, ChatGPT and other LLMs, and submissions or solutions from a prior term 
Unauthorized collaboration – instances when students submit individual academic works that are substantially similar to one another; while several students may have the same source material, the analysis, interpretation, and reporting of the data must be each individual’s independent work. 
Participation in academically dishonest activities – any action taken by a student with the intent of gaining an unfair advantage, including but not limited to copying work, submitting someone else’s work, or submitting previously published solutions 
Reusing Work – submitting work submitted for credit or a grade in another course in the current or a prior term or at this or another institution 
Facilitating academic dishonesty – intentionally or knowingly helping or attempting to violate any provision of this policy; sending files to another student; allowing a student to use your own computer 
Impersonation – working on behalf of another students or allowing someone else to represent a student online, in discussion groups, in classes or sessions, or exams 
Sharing – sharing – whether for profit or not – materials, assignments, solutions, exams, exam question on sharing sites, including but not limited to CourseHero, Quora, and Chegg 
Sharing of URL – sharing of classroom URLS (e.g., Zoom or Teams meetings) with anyone not currently enrolled in the course 
Unannounced recording of conversations – fully or partially recording audio, video, or chats in discussions, channels, or any online forum 
Sharing of recordings or posts – sharing portions or excerpts of any class recordings, posts, or other class communication with anyone not presently enrolled in the class 
Sharing of login credentials – sharing of username and/or password to allow anyone other than the students with those credentials to access any course resources 
Misconduct - any misconduct that is counter to the values of Northeastern University, e.g., social gatherings during a pandemic, not using masks in areas where required, use of inappropriate language or activities 
Make certain that you are completely familiar with all policies, rules, and guidelines for this course. If in doubt, ask your instructor. 
